Merge Testing into main repo: Add normalization Scripts (#3)
broadinstitute/cell-painting-batch-effects: README.md

> # Examining Batch Effects on Cell Painting Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Examining technical artifacts in single-cell Cell Painting data
```

🎉

Reviewer: (see comment below about technical artifacts vs. batch effect)

> This project examines the presence of batch effects in (high-throughput) single-cell morphology data of different strains of cells subjected to various perturbations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project examines the presence of technical artifacts in (high-throughput) single-cell morphology data of different cell lines subjected to various perturbations.
Technical artifacts include any nuisance signal in input data not explained by true biology.
```

Changing from "batch effects" to "technical artifacts" - do you agree that this is more descriptive?

> In addition to evaluating the benefits of the kBET detection algorithm, Harmony is used to correct for the observed batch effect. Ultimately, the goal is to benchmark these two processes and evaluate their effectiveness on the LINCS cell morphology data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two parts to evaluating technical artifacts: Detection and correction.
In this project, we benchmark the kBET detection algorithm, and then use Harmony to correct for the technical artifacts.
Ultimately, the goal is to benchmark these two processes and evaluate their effectiveness in discovering and adjusting for technical artifacts in the [Cancer Cell Morphology Resistance Mechanisms](https://github.com/broadinstitute/profiling-resistance-mechanisms) project.
```

A couple tweaks. It is also good to keep the README to one-sentence-per-line. (this helps with editing)

@TODO update README

## Computational Environment

We use [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) to manage the computational environment.

After installing conda, execute the following to install and navigate to the environment:

```bash
# First, install the conda environment
conda env create -f environment.yml

# Then, activate the environment and you're all set!

> conda activate myenv

Reviewer: didn't we update this?
